# Cave Starter Project
Welcome to Cave Engine's **Starter Project**!

You can use this project **as a starting point** to prototype your ideas or to begin creating your next big game. It includes a bunch of useful system that are expected to have in the vast majority of games, regardless of the genre you want to make. **The idea of this project is to save you time**.

It includes features such as a **Main Menu**, **Pause Menu** that allows you to restart the scene, continue or go back to the main menu, **Game Over Screen**, **Next Level Screen**, health bar, etc. It comes with a default **Proto Character** with some basic Third Person Controller movement + Foot IK and you can extend it as wish or change it to be a top-down, first person, etc. It is recommended that you replace this character with your own, as well as the animations. After doing it, don't forget to change the corresponding Animation and Bone names in a Player Script so everything continues to work. 

## Good to Know Tips:
- The **"Portal"** allows you to go to another Scene by colliding with it and you can change which scene it will go by editing the property of the template instance. You can also adjust the player's health in its properties as well. 
- **Creating a new gameplay scene** is as simple as creating it in the asset browser and then dropping the player entity template to it. Ite Player Template handles everything it needs.
- Don't forget to CHANGE THE GAME NAME in the Main Menu.
- Don't forget to edit and write the GAME CREDITS, also in the Main Menu.

# Credits: 

## Character "Proto"
Proto Character created by the artist **"Luendey Aguiar"** who kindly allowed us to use the model in Cave Engine. The animations that you will find in the "Animations" folder were made through the website [mixamo.com](https://www.mixamo.com/#/).

# Starter Project
This project is created by Uniday Studio. Attribution to the project itself is not mandatory.